Bugfix/145 startup error with heldesk plugin on multinode (#146)
cloudogu/redmine: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - [#145] Error on startup with helpdesk-plugin on multinode

Reviewer: This reads ambiguous, f. i. that an error could be provoked

```suggestion
- [#145] Fix errors on startup with helpdesk-plugin on multinode
```
